Add v0.6 announcement post (#91)
PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io: posts/plasmapy-v060-release.md

<center>
[![Proton radiograph](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/_images/notebooks_diagnostics_proton_radiography_particle_tracing_14_0.png)](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/notebooks/diagnostics/proton_radiography_particle_tracing.html)
</center>

Peter Heuer designed and implemented a framework for synthetic proton
radiography. This is a multi-PR tour de force that simulates particles moving
through EM fields and hitting a detector plane, generating histograms such as
the above. I'd point you to the notebook on that, but [there's three right
now](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/examples.html#analyses-diagnostics).

## Analysis & Diagnostic framework; Langmuir probes

<center>
[![Langmuir probe sweep](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/_images/notebooks_analysis_swept_langmuir_find_floating_potential_21_0.png)](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/notebooks/analysis/swept_langmuir/find_floating_potential.html)
</center>

Erik Everson is spearheading work on our analysis & diagnostic framework, about
which you can read [here](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/ad/index.html).
As the first example, we've got a new and improved set of tools for swept Langmuir

> analysis. Check it out [here](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/ad/index.html).

Author: Thanks! I need to find some ways to more easily keep that in mind while writing...

# What's next?

For this year, we're planning to have a roughly 3-month cadence for releases. Thus,
the next release will come by mid June.

It should contain a refactored particle tracker, support for neoclassical
transport coefficient calculations for axisymmetric devices along with our
first forays into tools for fusion.

> Also, for the first time in the history of PlasmaPy, we've got [a roadmap for
> the year](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v/edit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about our development plans, check out [PlasmaPy's
development roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v/edit)
for the year.
```
...though do we want to link to an editable document here?

Author: Fair point; I'll get rid of this part.
